Forecasting Interface (#241)
CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference: docs/source/tutorials/hospital_admissions_model.qmd

out = hosp_model_weekday.plot_posterior(
    var="latent_hospital_admissions",
    ylab="Hospital Admissions",
    obs_signal=np.pad(
        daily_hosp_admits.astype(float),
        (gen_int_array.size + pad_size, 0),
        constant_values=np.nan,
    ),
)
```

We will use ArviZ to visualize the posterior/prior predictive distributions.

> By increasing `n_timepoints_to_simulate`, we can perform forecasting.

Reviewer: Potentially a bit confusing to have this line here but then go into prior predictive analysis and come back to forecasting further down, without mentioning that that's what it is. Perhaps insert something highlighting forecasting here?

https://github.com/CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference/blob/1795426650682eab3ab7367e20ea8a5365a5d5e4/docs/source/tutorials/hospital_admissions_model.qmd#L602

Author: addressed in https://github.com/CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference/pull/241/commits/a84ca20e4e1183033df3c65e0c3b061ad2f410e7

> By increasing `n_timepoints_to_simulate`, we can perform forecasting in the posterior predictive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By increasing `n_timepoints_to_simulate`, we can perform forecasting using the posterior predictive distribution.
```
